https://codepen.io/juiceboxh3ro/pen/vYErbEY?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	writing markup in a way that makes it easy for humans to understand and easy for machines to interpret for reasons such as accessibility and SEO.

    2. What is HTML used for?
	dividing up and preparing a page for styling

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	it adds additional information to a tag. we put it in the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 is used for the most important headline of a page. it should be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	scripts, links, meta info

    7. What is an id?
	an attribute that can assign a value to one item

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	almost anything, but only once per HTML document

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once

    10. What is a class?
	an attribute that can assign a value to many items

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	almost anything

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	unlimited

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	set the a tag's target to _

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
	giving alternate text to an image for accessibility purposes

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections are major parts, divs are smaller parts within that

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	styling a page

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	the name of the element followed by opening and closing curly brackets;
	h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	an id assigns a value to a single item and a class can assign a value to multiple items.
	you might use an id for a section, but a class for divs within that section, or throughout multiple sections

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
	p .human { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    using multiple arguments for a property, where one is the child of a parent element.
    <div id="parent"><div id="child"></div></div>
    this is useful for specificity and assigning properties more accurately

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    something like :before or :nth-child(), which grabs on to information that isn't necessarily a selector but can act as one

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    ls -a

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    for example, in case you make a change that screws everything up, you can go back to a previous version

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	when you make a major change, or every ~20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork
	add TL as a collab
    copy clone url
	cd to directory you want clone to live
	git clone url
	cd into new repo
	git commit -b 'firstname-lastname'
    make any necessary changes to the repo
	git add .
    git commit -m "helpful commit message"
    git push
	pull request

	

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline element doesn't push other content down a line,
    block elements live on their own line

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    we can make adjustments to its position if its parent or nearest ancestor element is positioned relative.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, h1-h6, p
    img, span
    button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    it refers to how HTML elements are given dimensions in the browser.
    we can use box-sizing: border-box; to fix some inherent problems of the box, such as padding and margin adding to the total width by default.